I counted my heartbeats with every tick of the minute hand stuttering forward to the cadenced and steady marching of time. Beige painted chips and cracks slithered out fractally like the stringy cobwebs ebbing at the corners of the bronze pendulum’s cage. Stained wood bears spiraling grain and the greying stains that prove its ancient age seem to almost drip like old oil down the sides and onto the unswept base where carved feet stand sturdy against fraying rug. At its face is a cover of fine glass gone dusty, streaking lines pull granular particles diagonally from the top corner down to bottom. Through the sooty veil of time there spies a hazed vision of my own image, a gawking, wide-eyed stare piercing across the threshold from within the clock’s chambers to peer back into mine. My body jolts —alight in tremors— acute buzzing behind the brain as my back makes intimate contact with the plush ground below. I lie gazing with eyes glazed over at the textured plaster ceiling high above my head with feeble fists reaching to grasp the hands to which I am at mercy. They never find their grip, and I stay sprawled against the carpet. The thing that lives inside of me wants out. It has tendrils threaded like muscle that have wrapped around the beating of my heart, taking hostage the pumping of my blood in demand of something unknown to me. But, it slowly kills, and through the hollow pupil of my eye, I can see the writhing of some fleshy mass suckling at the wrinkles of my brain. It’s as though I lose myself when it pulses; my consciousness fades in a sick rhythm as the pressure pulls tighter like a bow string ready to snap. I’m getting too big for my body, overfilled with meat and bone and ready to burst out at the seams. It pushes at my nerves, presses against the skin, and now threads poke out my nostrils, slither out the canals of my ears, birthing from my throat to shroud around my tongue, weaving through the gaps of my teeth, and I can feel it. I can feel now. I am you. Heartbeat. A thunderously loud rhythmic thumping to the soul-giving pumping, bloody beat of life itself. Heartbeat. Shockingly dim and a whimpering in the empty cavern of a cavity left cold and decaying. Heartbeat. Quick series of beeping, backtrack to weeping that crawls the halls of stingingly white mausoleum. Heartbeat. Lacking and absent and pounding at the roof of a long, wooden cage. Heartbeat. Hammer to the dirt at the foot of a desecrated stone tablet. Heartbeat. Earth-wide quaking, battering and shaking at my bones. Heartbeat. Hammering down to the molten core. Heartbeat. Fracturing of the crust. Heartbeat. Rhythmic annihilation. Heartbeat beat beat. Eyes are peering. Hollow and sharp, They’re waiting, (Always watching) Watching through the Looking glass -- (The eyes) Smearing judgments And enmity Against me. Creeping, Stalking, (Hunting) From the backs Of every passing head And in the lens of Every camera, The eyes follow (Relentlessly). Everything done (No escaping) Or said (They see it) Is etched like The scrawls of a Tombstone. I know no peace. (Never) For this life of Torment and dread Is all that’s left for me. Followed. Hunted. (Witnessed.) Without substance there is nothing. The goal to be barren, void. It’s all I am, and it’s what I desire. All for a grave emptiness in the core that gives way to my perfection. I can feel the lining inside twisting and writhing in want for fodder, a thrumming in the veins echoing in the vacancy, but I can’t let go now. Not when I’m so close. The pain is the proof. Proof that it’s working, that I’m withering, wasting into sharpness and pallidity. Bruising and blood-thinning, a blueness under the eye, the panging at the root, the wrongness of it all — it’s a vicious ecstasy. Ecstasy to be hollow. I feel the redness encompassing my soul, like a body bag it suffocates me. All I sense is rust and red-hot fury burning at my skin like I’m branded, scalding, biting, piercing the flesh behind the eyes needles poking, pricking sanguine ire, spilling rage like I’m about to burst. Fervid irons searing. I think of all are the things you’ve done to me and that you’ll never pay for what you did you don’t even know the pain you’ve caused and it melts at my guts like a blowtorch. Sickening copper taste in my mouth at the thought of living with this pain, this misery, while you press on leaving a trail of heartbreak behind you. Carmine at my core. Russet as my blood dibbling on the ground. Red. Like me. There’s mold between us. Sticky. Virulent. Stinking like rot, The grey smell of it Radiates in the space Amid our bodies, Blurring the lines of Violence and lust Like it needs our Anguish to thrive. The spores have Blanketed every inch Of us. Did you Even notice? The Sickly pale fuzzing at The corners of your Mouth and out the Angles of your Eyes? Seeping into every Bit of naked flesh, All it seeks to do is Feed. And you Let it. Let it Sip on the Tears and sweat And blood From your Palm like a Newborn calf. And — It’s not new. Far past its infancy, The growth now is Months advanced. In the walls, On our food, Knitted into every Word and glare And slap. It’ll flourish everyday. Sprouting new germs And sprawling against Our forms until it Swallows us Whole. Just like you wanted. In the air, lies a tension opaque and heavy. Dark clouds streak like broad strokes of paint across the grey sky. There’s a vivid light that blankets the canvas behind like a spotlight casting stark shadows. It is stunning. And frightening. It’s raining, but no spatter touches the ground. A bitter breeze cuts through me as I remain dry beneath the thunder and gale. The wind builds. Howling like a wolf to it’s pack — and I’m prey. The chill turns so frigid that my breath puffs with every pant as I shudder with the sense that the swirling flurry about me grows in its hunger and rage. Then it grows quiet. I feel a single rain drop fall upon my head. Look at me. Detritus. What have I made you do? All I can sense is a bitter cold, a hollowness without reprieve. If only I could bask in your glow once more, imbibe the ever-burning smolder within you. But, I disobeyed— pushed you and pushed you until you snapped and did to me what I deserved. And, oh— My dear, my master, how I yearn for your grip upon my body, the effortless command over heart and soul. I still linger, wandering along our dusted halls. I watch as you toil, agonizing over my killing, so tortured and wrought as I fruitlessly try and try to ease your heavy burden. I shadow you in day, envelop you at night, all in atonement for my defiance. If only I had listened. If only I had been tamed. In a swarming, balmy swirl of color heady and vinous I lay there wilting like a melting pool seeping into the sheets. Voices, muffled yet vivid like a jovial crowd at a warmly-lit gathering crowing with pleasant patter surrounded by soft luster a creamy golden glow tender like honey an air cushy and intimate with a tang of clementine and sandalwood the all-consuming sense of serenity wafting wisping the color amber the taste of love swaddled like an infant— My eyes split open, I shoot straight up and whirl around to find myself enshrouded by the pitch-darkness of my barren bedroom. Cold and desolate, I stare into the black alone. All I can think of As I sit upon this bench Are the lives, the Little stories of Every passer-by. Who are they beneath The guise, behind The mask? Do they control the image They project, does it Control them? Where do they begin and end, To whom are they coming home— Is there even home to return to? When young and green, Did they, too, find themselves Lost and yearning, searching, In need of a name and persona? Was their childhood stolen By shadows and terror, Consumed by pain as well? I see her, trenchcoat and Determined walk Business woman prudent and mighty But barren and lacking in love. I see him, manicured and blithe, Delicate and timid with Overflowing passion and zeal, But fatally directionless. Faces and names, Heartbreak and longing, It’s a beautiful swirl of Humanity and soul. And as I rise from my bench I can’t help but feel the Loving embrace of eyes and hearts All around me. How my story, too, Will find its way into the Chronicle of passers-by. I smile to the Jane Doe Walking past as I make My way home. It’s like being a ghost. Ethereal and unseen. A shroud of loneliness swathes. And I cry. I cry for the years of solitude spent alone, alone and wanting by never taking, too timid, no ambition. I cry for the wasted potential, all the great works uncreated and ideas abandoned out of fear that it will only disappoint. I cry for the child inside me. She sees the Vastness around her, but she’ll never know its grace. I cry, but I don’t make a sound. Look at you. In pieces. Look at what you’ve made me do. I long for your warmth, the softness of your flesh, but you seem to crave my violence, with the way you flit away from me like an escaped songbird. But, oh— My darling, my pet, I ache at the mess that has become of you. That horrid pile of gore and anguish— it taunts me with your visions uncorrupted. I can hear the sweet sound of your falsetto, peer the lovely beryl of your eyes ‘fore they turned wan and rancid. The alluring bouquet of your perfume snakes through the air like a siren’s call, nearly masking the wretched stench of your rot. If only you had listened. If only you I had kept you housetrained.