I counted my heartbeats with every tick of the minute hand stuttering forward to the cadenced and steady marching of time. Beige painted chips and cracks slithered out fractally like the stringy cobwebs ebbing at the corners of the bronze pendulum’s cage. Stained wood bears spiraling grain and the greying stains that prove its ancient age seem to almost drip like old oil down the sides and onto the unswept base where carved feet stand sturdy against fraying rug. At its face is a cover of fine glass gone dusty, streaking lines pull granular particles diagonally from the top corner down to bottom. Through the sooty veil of time there spies a hazed vision of my own image, a gawking, wide-eyed stare piercing across the threshold from within the clock’s chambers to peer back into mine. My body jolts —alight in tremors— acute buzzing behind the brain as my back makes intimate contact with the plush ground below. I lie gazing with eyes glazed over at the textured plaster ceiling high above my head with feeble fists reaching to grasp the hands to which I am at mercy. They never find their grip, and I stay sprawled against the carpet. The thing that lives inside of me wants out. It has tendrils threaded like muscle that have wrapped around the beating of my heart, taking hostage the pumping of my blood in demand of something unknown to me. But, it slowly kills, and through the hollow pupil of my eye, I can see the writhing of some fleshy mass suckling at the wrinkles of my brain. It’s as though I lose myself when it pulses; my consciousness fades in a sick rhythm as the pressure pulls tighter like a bow string ready to snap. I’m getting too big for my body, overfilled with meat and bone and ready to burst out at the seams. It pushes at my nerves, presses against the skin, and now threads poke out my nostrils, slither out the canals of my ears, birthing from my throat to shroud around my tongue, weaving through the gaps of my teeth, and I can feel it. I can feel now. I am you. Heartbeat. A thunderously loud rhythmic thumping to the soul-giving pumping, bloody beat of life itself. Heartbeat. Shockingly dim and a whimpering in the empty cavern of a cavity left cold and decaying. Heartbeat. Quick series of beeping, backtrack to weeping that crawls the halls of stingingly white mausoleum. Heartbeat. Lacking and absent and pounding at the roof of a long, wooden cage. Heartbeat. Hammer to the dirt at the foot of a desecrated stone tablet. Heartbeat. Earth-wide quaking, battering and shaking at my bones. Heartbeat. Hammering down to the molten core. Heartbeat. Fracturing of the crust. Heartbeat. Rhythmic annihilation. Heartbeat beat beat. Eyes are peering. Hollow and sharp, They’re waiting, (Always watching) Watching through the Looking glass -- (The eyes) Smearing judgments And enmity Against me. Creeping, Stalking, (Hunting) From the backs Of every passing head And in the lens of Every camera, The eyes follow (Relentlessly). Everything done (No escaping) Or said (They see it) Is etched like The scrawls of a Tombstone. I know no peace. (Never) For this life of Torment and dread Is all that’s left for me. Followed. Hunted. (Witnessed.)